Cherry-Pick Managed Identity Metadata fix for patch release 1.8.1 (#33478)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.8.1 (2023-01-13)

### Bugs Fixed

> - Fixed an issue when using `ManagedIdentityCredential` in combination with authorities other than Azure public cloud that resulted in a bogus instance metadata validation error. [#32498](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/32498)

Reviewer: Not sure who well "bogus" is understood or could be translated (though, I don't think we're doing that right now).
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue when using `ManagedIdentityCredential` in combination with authorities other than Azure public cloud that resulted in a incorrect metadata validation error. [#32498](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/32498)
```

Or maybe "an erroneous".
